OADP-4502: adding snippet to cover the .snapshot on some NFS servers (#79285)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/pod-volume-restore-snapshot-read-only.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * openshift-docs/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc
// * openshift-docs/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/oadp-backing-up-applications-restic-doc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[IMPORTANT]
.PodVolumeRestore fails with the error `.../.snapshot: read-only file system`
====
The `.../.snapshot` directory is a snapshot copy directory, which is used by several NFS servers. This directory has read-only access by default, so velero cannot restore to this directory.

> You should not give write access to this `snapshot` directory to velero, and you should disable client access to this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not give write access to this `.snapshot` directory to velero, and you should disable client access to this directory.
```

It's not possible to add ref to other resources like below right?

> NetApp ontap: deselect Show the Snapshot copies directory to clients or Allow clients to access Snapshot copies directory. https://docs.netapp.com/us-en/ontap/enable-snapshot-dir-access-task.html
Portworx Flashblade: uncheck Snapshot option https://docs.portworx.com/portworx-backup-on-prem/reference/restore-with-fb

Author: @kaovilai - Ach let us give it a lash

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e24e3c8c-009a-4c6b-8045-2be6aa854ef6)

I think it looks ok... maybe nobody will notice

> ====

Author: ```suggestion

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

*  link:https://docs.netapp.com/us-en/ontap/enable-snapshot-dir-access-task.html#enable-or-disable-client-access-to-snapshot-copy-directory-by-editing-a-share[Enable or disable client access to Snapshot copy directory by editing a share]
* https://docs.portworx.com/portworx-backup-on-prem/reference/restore-with-fb#prerequisites-for-backup-and-restore-with-flashblade[Prerequisites for backup and restore with FlashBlade]
====
```

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * openshift-docs/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc
// * openshift-docs/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/oadp-backing-up-applications-restic-doc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[IMPORTANT]

> .PodVolumeRestore fails with the error `.../.snapshot: read-only file system`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.PodVolumeRestore fails with a `.../.snapshot: read-only file system` error
```

====

> The `.../.snapshot` directory is a snapshot copy directory, which is used by several NFS servers. This directory has read-only access by default, so velero cannot restore to this directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.../.snapshot` directory is a snapshot copy directory, which is used by several NFS servers. This directory has read-only access by default, so Velero cannot restore to this directory.
```
Looks like "velero" should be capitalized: https://velero.io/

> You should not give write access to this `.snapshot` directory to velero, and you should disable client access to this directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not give Velero write access to this `.snapshot` directory, and disable client access to this directory.
```
From IBM Style: "Whenever possible, rewrite _should_ in a more direct way. Do not use _should_ to refer to an action that must be performed. For example, when parameters must be reset, write “Reset the parameters” and not “You should reset the parameters”."

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> *  link:https://docs.netapp.com/us-en/ontap/enable-snapshot-dir-access-task.html#enable-or-disable-client-access-to-snapshot-copy-directory-by-editing-a-share[Enable or disable client access to Snapshot copy directory by editing a share]

Author: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.netapp.com/us-en/ontap/enable-snapshot-dir-access-task.html#enable-or-disable-client-access-to-snapshot-copy-directory-by-editing-a-share[Enable or disable client access to Snapshot copy directory by editing a share]
```
